# TextAnalyzer
Default constructor - initializes a hash table with a size of 27 using the default hash function Another constructor - takes two parameters, an unsigned int of the hash table size and a function pointer for the hash function  Insert - inserts a string into the hash table. Takes a std::string parameter and returns void. GetCount - takes a std::string parameter and returns an unsigned int, which is the number of times the word has been seen so far. PrintHashEntries - takes no parameters and returns void. Prints all of the words and their occurrence counts in no particular order. PrintHashStats - takes no parameters and returns void. Prints statistics about the hash table as follows: the number of entries in each hash table slot, the number of used slots versus total, the maximum number of entries in a single slot, the average entries per hash table slot, the number of unique words present, and finally the total number of words. Your statistics gathering should be rather fast; it might be necessary to loop through each table slot but you shouldn't need to loop through all the words in the table. In other words, it should be O(table size), not O(word count). This is the output of my program when run on the supplied input file using the default constructor: Hash table entries per slot: 40 74 79 69 50 37 64 33 53 21 3 9 50 48 23 36 68 5 47 143 73 16 11 60 0 10 0 25 hash table slots used out of 27 total. 143 max entries in a table slot. 41.555557 avg entries in a table slot. 1122 unique words found. 2561 total words counted.  The hash function takes a parameter of an std::string and returns an unsigned int. The default hash function looks only at the first character of the string and returns zero for any non-alphabetic character and 1 through 27 for the letters a through z.  Submission will be through a pull request just like in the "let's learn git" assignment. Feel free to send pull requests not just once everything is finished but at intermediate checkpoints such as creating the default hash function, getting the hash table working but without statistics, etc.   Updates:  Yes, you also need destructors.  When you send me a pull request, add a little note about what you think your code does so that I don't comment about missing functionality that you just haven't added yet. When you're sending what you intend to be the final pull request, specify that you think everything should work.  As you address the comments I make on your pull request, resolve my comments so I know that you've covered them. When I review your changes, I'll close the comments or reactivate them with additional comments if I think it needs more fixing.
